Buddy Telco Toolkit Changelog
Author: Jordan Cartledge

------ Version 1.0 ------

I lost track of this somewhat and did not keep a changelog.
This first release verion has all of the templates that we made during pre-launch and the first 3 months of Buddy.
The tools included are the content-aware search, Startup of all programs, terminal lock, Ping test, Traceroute, NSLookup and pro-rata calc.

From here all changes will be detailed.

------ Version 1.5 ------

1. Complete overhaul of the ui. Descriptions added to tools and new tabs added.
2. Separated General into its own tab so we can have generic templates
3. Added T&Cs section for throwing the book at people
4. Added Useful Links tab to avoid having to constantly find things manually
5. Added Callan to co-authors as he whined about it ages ago
6. Re-added the hotkey for superlookup
7. Added hotkeys for the following:
    - Randomised signature
    - Abandonment date (Gives you the date 7 calendar days from present)
    - CSR aware email generator
    - Reload Key
8. Added Discovery Question templates to the faults tab
9. Added a hotkeys legend
10. Made the superlookup able to search customer accounts from their mobile or email

------ Version 1.6 ------

1. Converted to 2 smaller Gui versions for different screen sizes.
2. Commented code

------ Skipped to Version 3 to avoid naming confusion as the folder was called V2 ------

1. Refactored entire Gui
2. Added a settings page
    i. Contains a darkmode, embedded notepad, Always on Top mode
3. Added CSR name to generated templates
4. Date now automatically goes into abandonment emails
5. Tried to refactor the big if else loop using classes but gave up. Will do next release
6. Added various templates

------ Version 3.1 ------
1. Added a config.ini that stores the settings so settings now persist across sessions
2. Added Customer Name field that will now input the custoemrs name into relevant templates. Sends "xxx" if blank
3. Removed Useful links popout and converted to another tooltab that uses buttons to open the sites
4. Fixed a bug Yazid found with generating HFC templates instead of Validation ones
5. Added mobile/email lookup to the superlookup tool
6. Banged my head on a wall a little because AHKv2 is like JS but with its arms and legs cut off
7. Added Easter Egg
8. Separated the main script into multiple smaller function libraries so it is actually someone maintainable
